Oh, I heard that Mr. Kerry was here.
I hope I'm not interrupting.
Mr. and Mrs. Hamilton, what are you doing here?
We're actually in the middle of a meeting right now.
It's rude to interrupt.
Well, see, he's always had the highest standards.
Mr. Kerry, and you've always been interested in my work.
New project?
An original collection by the one and only Victoria.
How does he have that?
Like die a hard fan?
There's concepts to advance for the current market.
And, uh, males' fragrances.
It's just you risky.
And the concept is advanced, yes,
but statistics show that it's consistent with current trends.
Once it's released, scent of a man is sure to be ahead.
Does it smell like money?
I'm intrigued.
This project's from five years ago.
I must meet the perfumer.
It's in a manner of woman.
Nobody knows Victoria's true identity.
But money does talk.
Mr. Kerry, shouldn't we stick to the original project?
I need to reconsider that contract.
Make sure he knows I'm giving him the bird, all right?